Where are we?... About...
Yeah like, and she likes Mexi. Yeah, Patricia.
Oh...
You like avocado? Uh-huh?
Yeah. How about you?
Which one?
American Food.
Hamburger and barbecue.
Yeah.
Mexican.
Chimichanga. What is chimichanga?
Oh, She can take a burrito and fry it. Wow, very healthy.
Is that. is that true Mexican or is it American- Mexican?
Yeah.
Oh...
But in the end, East Coast Mexican food is not that great.
Yeah, their influence is more the Spanish people.
There are a lot more Puerto Ricans over there than Mexico because of...
logistically yeah... but...
Yeah....
Dubai. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah... Um, I like...
I like Mexican food but I think
After Asian food, I- I still like my meat, so I would say...
Steak and... Yeah... Steak and barbecue.
Yeah.
Lucille. Yeah... ribs.
Yeah. Yeah. Once in a while...
But, Steak and
At the end of the day, I don't...
Go often because is it's, it could get expensive.
But...
it...
It's something you can't eat all the time so it's like yeah.
Yeah. Like...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And in between all of the Asian food I have.
the next thing I go for a steak and then I go back to my Asian food
Um...
It depends on my mood.
Um. But around here a...
The San Franciscan prime hou, um prime ribs is really popular.
in the Sear um, in Torrance area so um, I end up
Going there, so I end up getting like prime rib
more often than not yeah
I like, I like medium. Yeah.
I used to like rare, but lately I'm like no, I'll have it cooked.
Okay, I have a question. Do you... When you eat steak, steak. Do you like...
Wagyu steak or American steak?
Like Wagyu is very marbleized and it's very fatty.
But it's really soft because it's fatty.
But American like fillet like they like to keep their back
Collected on one side and then it's just the meat is meat.
Okay.
Yeah, okay. Yeah, like I'm- I'm not a big fan of Wagyu like
I feel like a lot of people are like, oh, this is great, but
After eating it, I feel like there's a lot of...
fat left over in my mouth
So it gets like, wow, I would eat a...
It feels like to me like wow I'm just eating a stick of butter
Yeah, that...
Yeah, meat flavor fat.
But at the same time I probably have not had like the
Really top-notch one...
Yeah, wagyu like it because it's expensive so
maybe I'm only eating the fake ones.
Um... I don't like anything. I like it just salt and pepper.
Just straight. Like I don't like any sauce. I don't nis. I want my meat.
Oh, yeah.
Tok.
Do you... What do you like with your steak?
Yeah... Yeah. Oh, oh...
is it your favorite steak is it more like
I know your dad's really good at parp, like really?
So is your steak mostly at home or at restaurants?
Yeah... Yeah... Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't. Yeah, we don't. Well, we got rid of our grills.
It's mainly, yeah.
Yeah, outside, yeah.